Develop package docs (#3551)
Unity-Technologies/ml-agents: docs/Installation.md

  * [`gym_unity`](../gym-unity/) provides a Python-wrapper for your Unity scene that
  supports the OpenAI Gym interface.
* Unity [Project](../Project/) that contains several
[example environments](Learning-Environment-Examples.md) that highlight the various features
of the toolkit to help you get started.

Consequently, to install and use ML-Agents you will need to:
* Install Unity (2018.4 or later)
* Install Python (3.6.1 or higher)
* Clone this repository
* Install the `com.unity.ml-agents` Unity package
* Install the `mlagents` Python package

### Install **Unity 2018.4** or Later

[Download](https://unity3d.com/get-unity/download) and install Unity. We strongly recommend
that you install Unity through the Unity Hub as it will enable you to manage multiple Unity
versions.

### Install **Python 3.6.1** or Higher

We recommend [installing](https://www.python.org/downloads/) Python 3.6 or 3.7. If your Python
environment doesn't include `pip3`, see these
[instructions](https://packaging.python.org/guides/installing-using-linux-tools/#installing-pip-setuptools-wheel-with-linux-package-managers)
on installing it.

> Although we do not support the Anaconda installation path for Windows, the previous

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although we do not provide support for Anaconda installation on Windows, the previous
```
"do not support" implies it does work, trying to go for "it might work but we won't help you with it."

> [Windows Anaconda Installation (Deprecated) guide](Installation-Windows.md)

Reviewer 2: The fact that the doc is still called `Installation-Windows.md` might still be misleading.

Author: Good catch. I was initially trying to avoid file renames to not confuse those who rely on the page. I'll revisit.

Virtual Environments provide a mechanim for isolating the dependencies for each project
and are supported on Mac / Windows / Linux. We offer a dedicated
[guide on Virtual Environments](Using-Virtual-Environment.md).

To install the `mlagents` Python package, activate your virtual environment and run from the
command line:

```sh
pip3 install mlagents
```

Note that this will install `mlagents` from PyPi, _not_ from the cloned repo.
If you installed this correctly, you should be able to run
`mlagents-learn --help`, after which you will see the Unity logo and the command line
parameters you can use with `mlagents-learn`.

By installing the `mlagents` package, the dependencies listed in the
[setup.py file](../ml-agents/setup.py) are also installed. These include
[TensorFlow](Background-TensorFlow.md) (Requires a CPU w/ AVX support) and
[Jupyter](Background-Jupyter.md).

#### Advanced: Installing for Development

If you intend to make modifications to `mlagents` or `mlagents_envs`, you should install
the packages from the cloned repo rather than from PyPi. To do this, you will need to install
 `mlagents` and `mlagents_envs` separately. From the repo's root directory, run:

```sh

> cd ml-agents-envs

Reviewer: Should we change this block to
``` sh
pip3 install -e ./ml-agents-envs
pip3 install -e ./ml-agents
```
